Switching Travis to deploy Melodic documentation instead of Kinetic t… (#244)
ros-planning/moveit_tutorials: README.md

These tutorials use the [reStructuredText](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/rest.html) format commonly used in the Sphinx "Python Documentation Generator". This unfortunately differs from the common Markdown format, but its advantage is that it supports embedding code directly from source files for inline code tutorials.

> This repository is currently built automatically by two systems. Travis builds the documentation for Melodic and ROS Build Farm builds the documentation for more stable versions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is currently built automatically by two systems. Travis builds the documentation for Melodic and ROS Build Farm builds the documentation for older versions:
```

Sounds better ;-)
